Donald Trump	More and more people are realizing that the Democrats care more about power than doing what is right for the country. I am fighting for ALL Americans!Democrats used to support funding for border security, but now they've changed their mindsWe cannot sit by while the border crisis gets worse. Republicans are rock solid on a border wall ¨C Democrats have to do something!
Obamma Barack	As 2018 draws to a close, I¡¯m continuing a favorite tradition of mine and sharing my year-end lists. It gives me a moment to pause and reflect on the year through the books, movies, and music that I found most thought-provoking, inspiring, or just plain loved. It also gives me a chance to highlight talented authors, artists, and storytellers ¨C some who are household names and others who you may not have heard of before.There are two things you need to know today about health care.First, today¡¯s the last day of open enrollment. That means it¡¯s the deadline to make sure you and the people you love have health insurance in 2019. So head over to HealthCare.gov to get covered!Second, you might have heard about a federal court decision on a Republican lawsuit trying to strike down the Affordable Care Act in its entirety.
Tom Cruise	I¡¯m taking a quick break from filming to tell you the best way to watch Mission: Impossible Fallout (or any movie you love) at home. Thank you to everyone who supported Mission: Impossible Fallout in theaters. We have been working on extras and behind the scenes footage, and I¡¯m excited to announce that it will be released on digital on November 20 and Blu-ray on December 4.
Kim Kardashian West	Happy Birthday to my pretty girl Chi!!!! The sweetest baby in the whole world! Mommy and Daddy love you so much!Some pics from our Christmas Eve Party. We danced to ¡°All Of Me¡± since the last time we heard John Legend sing this live it was at our wedding for our first dance My two nephews born on the same day!!!! Mason & Reign I love you to the moon and back! Watching you grow up has been the best journey ever! Can¡¯t wait to celebrate with you guys!My husband is the most brilliant person, the most genius person that I know. He has broken so many boundaries, everything from music, stage design, fashion and culture and will continue to change the world.
Justin Bieber	Don't believe everything you read sweet little girl you will hear something from me sooner than you think Happy late thanksgiving to everyone. First thanksgiving as a married man, first time hosting thanksgiving. First time both sides of the family has come together. Relationships are hard and love isn¡¯t always easy but thank you Jesus for showing me how! Every day is a learning process, trying to be more like him, patient, kind, selfless, boy I got a long way! But gods grace is sufficient !
Andrew Ng	Do you have any suggestions for what to name our 8 new conference rooms? If so please comment below! Landing AI, deeplearning.ai and AI Fund have grown so fast we've moving into a bigger space this month.Landing AI is thrilled to enter into partnership with LG Electronics. Looking forward to working closely with Dr. I.P. Park and his team! Our new paper in Nature Medicine! Cardiologist-level arrhythmia detection from ECG, using deep learning. I'm very optimistic about such technology helping patients soon.Right now economists are debating whether 2019 will see a recession. Short-term is hard to predict, but I predict that in the next 5 years, AI adoption across multiple industries--especially outside the software industry--will drive massive global GDP growth
Oprah Winfrey	Eckhart Tolle has had a profound influence on me. Join Eckhart Tolle and me for a very special 10-part SuperSoul Podcast series. This is one of my all-time favorite things to talk about. Quiet your mind, get your ego in check, and live a fully present life. Join us every Monday, beginning TODAY. Find it on Apple Podcasts or wherever you like to listen. Everybody has their own reason to get healthy.you said the people would show up for a show like this¡­you were right! Every week, more and more of you can¡¯t get enough of #ReadyToLove! Season Finale TONIGHT, Reunion next week.Every father has a dream for their family and Dwyane Wade¡¯s dream for Kaavia James is an inspiration for all parents to reach for the same. He and Gabrielle Union are celebrating their little miracle tonight in a very special conversation.
Beyouce	 You don't have to argue what you know; because soon enough the truth will prove itself.The truth will set you free Love yourself Never miss an opportunity to tell someone how much they mean to you Happiness is a choice, it's your own frame of mind. So if you're unhappy, it's because you choose not to be happy The only people you need in life are the ones that need you in theirs.Don't let people get you down, keep your head held high and show them what you're made of.Portray yourself the way you want to be perceived. Critics won't give you the benefit of the doubt. u gotta bring more to the table than just your mouth.
Rihanna	This Valentine¡¯s Day is all about you! Fall in love I¡¯m sure you already know, but incase you¡¯re still wondering... it¡¯s all about @StaceyAbrams for Governor! Stacey is an inspiration to women across the world!!!We need everyone in Georgia to Vote TODAY! It¡¯s going to take all of us to do the work! EVERY. VOTE. MATTERS! with my newest @savagexfenty¡¯s vday collection - out now! Not for much longer...me nor my people would ever be at or around one of those tragic rallies,  so thanks for the heads up philip!
Zhangyiyi	Performing programs should focus on performance. Emotional life should always focus on the true feelings. What does my wife say about her husband's trip? Lifting shoes, lifting buttocks or worrying. Running to meet all the beautiful flowers of 2019, the setbacks, illness, anxiety, anger and anxiety of 2018. All disappear! Happy New Year to all of you.When Dad leaned close to us and read this sentence word by word, I was already full of tears, and Xingbao listened quietly. She lay in my arms and instantly felt that the naughty little fellow was sensible. Maybe she can only understand a few words, but I believe that when she grows up, she will understand that this is the best gift from her father! Wishing our baby a safe and happy life
LiuQiangdong	In recent months, my work in the United States has attracted widespread attention. In order not to interfere with judicial justice, in the process of independent investigation by the U.S. police and prosecution, although some people spread misleading information, I can not defend myself, nor do I respond to the relevant comments and reports on the Internet social platform and the media. This has caused a lot of trouble to my friends who care about me. Let me begin by saying sorry!Today, after a thorough investigation with my full cooperation, the Henneping County Attorney's Office in Minneapolis announced that no charges would be brought against me, which proved that I had not violated any law from beginning to end. But in any case, my actions on the day of the incident caused great harm to my family, especially my wife, for which I feel very remorseful and regretful. I have confessed the truth to her for the first time. I hope she can accept my sincere apology. I will do my best to make up for he trauma to the family and take on the responsibility of my husband again.
Wangsicong	Youku stinky sb, buy hot search, buy hot search, take me with you. Are you sick? If you refuse to go to your show, you play it? In the future, I will not cooperate with Youku any more with all the related companies under my company.Thank the team members and staff for their efforts and efforts in recent years! We finally did it! Everyone is working hard!It's horrible. I don't understand what Tencent's video is about. It's ironic to find a plagiarized five to be a mentor of an original program.
Gutianle	Thank you, this year's birthday is very lively, in addition to taking the lead in celebrating with your fans, friends from all walks of life also held a party for me, which really makes me very happy. Thank you for everyone who sent birthday wishes to me!Thank you, this year's birthday is very lively, in addition to taking the lead in celebrating with your fans, friends from all walks of life also held a party for me, which really makes me very happy. Thank you for everyone who sent birthday wishes to me!
Hejiong	   Everyone is calm and reasonable. Is the leg almost long?Today, when Mr. Huang came to the curtain call, he couldn't help crying. I looked at him and felt very general. Ming Hao said that the enthusiasm of Changsha audiences can lead the actors to the top. Really, the audience's input, support and enthusiasm are very important. Those laughter, applause, cheers... That's great. Let's listen to the song! Many people support these young people who use their voices to trace light.Evening again with the audience shouted "Happy base camp, good mood every day!" Slogans, mixed feelings, memories are killing! uuuuuuuuuuuu Today, the "Weather Pre-Explosion" crew gathered the funniest and most lovely men to come to the program, the exam, school, the end of the year performance, everyone is happy! We'll spend the weekend with you.