ENTJ: The Commander (Extraverted, Intuitive, Thinking, Judging) Other people often describe people with this type of personality as assertive, confident, and outspoken.The ENTJ type is quite rare, accounting for a mere two percent of the population.
ENTP: The Debater (Extraverted, Intuitive, Thinking, Perceiving)People with this personality type are often described as innovative, clever, and expressive. ENTPs are also known for being idea-oriented.
ENFJ: The Giver (Extraverted, Intuitive, Feeling, Judging) People with ENFJ personality type are often described as warm, outgoing, loyal, and sensitive. They are capable of forging friendships of all personality types, even with more introverted or reticent individuals. 
ENFP: The Champion (Extraverted, Intuitive, Feeling, Perceiving)People with this type of personality are often described as enthusiastic, charismatic, and creative. People with this personality type are very charming, energetic, and independent. 
ESFJ: The Caregiver (Extraverted, Sensing, Feeling, Judging) People with an ESFJ personality type tend to be outgoing, loyal, organized and tender-hearted. ESFJs gain energy from interacting with other people. They are typically described as outgoing and gregarious.
ESFP: The Performer (Extraverted, Sensing, Feeling, Perceiving)People with ESFP personality types are often described as spontaneous, resourceful, and outgoing. They love being the center of attention and are often described as entertainers or ¡°class clowns.¡±
ESTJ: The Director (Extraverted, Sensing, Thinking, Judging) STJs are often described as practical, take-charge kind of people. ESFJs are very practical and concrete. They live in the here-and-now and are very concerned with making sure that things run smoothly and according to the rules.
ESTP: The Persuader (Extraverted, Sensing, Thinking, Perceiving)People with this personality type are frequently described as outgoing, action-oriented and dramatic. ESTPs are outgoing and enjoy spending time with a wide circle of friends and acquaintances.
INTP: The Thinker (Introverted, Intuitive, Thinking, Perceiving)People who score as INTP are often described as quiet and analytical. They enjoy spending time alone, thinking about how things work and coming up with solutions to problems.
INTJ: The Architect, (Introverted, Intuitive, Thinking, Judging) Sometimes referred to as the "Architect," or the "Strategist," people with INTJ personalities are highly analytical, creative and logical. 
INFP: The Mediator (Introverted, Intuitive, Feeling, Perceiving) The INFP personality type is often described as an "idealist" or "mediator" personality. People with this kind of personality tend to be introverted, idealistic, creative and driven by high values.
INFJ: The Advocate (Introverted, Intuitive, Feeling, Judging) people with INFJ personalities are creative, gentle, and caring. INFJs are usually reserved but highly sensitive to how others feel. They are typically idealistic, with high moral standards and a strong focus on the future. 
ISFP: The Artist£¨introverted, sensing,feeling£¬perceiving£©People with an ISFP personality are frequently described as quiet, easy-going and peaceful.ISFPs tend to be "doers" rather than "dreamers."
ISFJ: The Protector(introverted, sensing, feeling, judging) People who have ISFJ personalities tend to be reserved, warm-hearted, and responsible.ISFJs enjoy structure and strive to maintain this order in all areas of their lives. 
ISTP: The crafter(introverted, sensing, thinking, perceiving) People with ISTP personalities enjoy having time to think alone and are fiercely independent. ISTPs also love action, new experiences, hands-on activities, and the freedom to work at their own pace
ISTJ: The Inspector(introversion, sensing, thinking, judgment)  People with an ISTJ personality type tend to be reserved, practical and quiet. They enjoy order and organization in all areas of their lives including their home, work, family, and projects. I